Hey Gemini, I'm Amar Kumar.
I've got a message from "Humanity Founders" regarding AI Full Stack Engineer job | Chatting with Nikunj Bansal.

Message:

25 January
Hey, Congrats! You’re about to start on a journey that could change everything. 

What makes us stand out? We don’t just talk about innovation – we live it. Our vision is fueled by a system that’s designed to break barriers, and we’re looking for people who can help take it to the next level.

We don’t care about your resume – we care about what you can actually do. This is all about showcasing your skills. Prove what you’ve got, and you’ll be on your way.

We’ll be sharing about the task soon, but if you’re looking for an opportunity with an amazing salary, a chance to lead and shape your own future, then you’re in the right place! 

We’re excited to bring on leaders who believe in their abilities with us, who value skills over titles, and who are ready to make an impact. If that sounds like you, we’re ready to hear from you!

Remember: This is your shot. Will you seize the opportunity? Will See Soon during Submissions ;

Stay connected with us on LinkedIn:https://www.linkedin.com/company/humanityfounders11:14 AM
---


Assignment received
As mentioned, here’s a really exciting task for you to complete at the earliest:https://www.loom.com/share/d8ac311c89a04faf951419872d2eb5c8

Make sure to watch the Loom video completely. We’ve tried answering everything in the above Loom video. You’ll also find an attached Notion doc that gives you a detailed understanding of the task:https://humanityfounders.notion.site/AI-Counsellor-Hackathon-2f2ae870acf580239965de24be6cee5c?pvs=73

For submission, please share a demo video showcasing your application along with the deployment link. Ensure your submission is completed by Saturday, 31st January at 12:00 PM (noon). We’ll be creating a live feedback video, where we’ll go through all the submissions, make it even more exciting, and announce the winner.

Here is the link to join the Telegram group: https://t.me/+Q8YDJotNBThmNzk1

Note: Please make sure to watch the Loom video completely till the end before reaching out with any questions. Thanks!

Act smartly. Give it your best shot — you have an opportunity. How you respond to it will make all the difference.

Let’s gooo! 🚀
Submission deadline: 31 January, 2026
---

Quick Important Update

An AI interview step was enabled earlier by mistake. However, today we’ve shared the actual task along with all the required details. Please consider this as the official next step.

If you’ve already completed the AI interview, that’s completely fine. And if you haven’t taken the AI interview, there’s nothing to worry about at all.

Our core hiring process is not based on interviews. It is solely focused on real skills, problem-solving, and the quality of your submission.

Please make sure to watch the Loom video carefully, as it explains the next steps in detail and clearly outlines the task and submission guidelines.

All the best, and happy building. we’re looking forward to your exciting submissions! 🚀11:55 AM